What experience do you have in Roleplay? *
I am new on it. 
List all the basic RP rules to the best of your Knowledge. (only abbreviation not allowed i.e give one example also briefly explain each ) *
1. Real life talk shouldn't be done in RP.
2. Should respect every one who are in RP.
3. Should follow the command of cops and talk politely.
4. Technical words like computer, keyboard, mouse etc. should be replaced by certain other names.
5. Should fear if any one is pointing Gun on us.
6. Shouldn't take revenge back if anyone killed us.
7. Shouldn't identify people by their voice.
8. Vehicle shouldn't be used to kill people.
9. Game shouldn't be quit to escape any task or situation.
10. You can't talk while you are down.
11. Follow each and every rules properly.
Explain Revenge RP / Revenge Killing with an Example? (Minimum 50 words) *
Revenge killing means the person who killed you before. You cannot take revenge after you get killed by someone because you are already dead and you should strongly follow this rules of RP. However you can take revenge if you are wounded and not dead and also your gang or families can take revenge after your death.
Are you currently in the VirtualNepalRP Discord? *
Yes
No
Roleplay is different to everyone. Please explain in YOUR own words what Roleplay means to you. (2-3 Sentences) *
Role play is very interesting thing in GTA. As in real life , in RP also we can be any character and play the role of that character like police, taxi driver, gang leader etc. Role play also teaches us how to be disciplined in real life also, as we are bounded by the rules in RP. However I haven't played RP yet but I am looking forward to it.
Have you read over the VirtualNepalRP Rules? *
Yes
No
There are times on the server where admins are not online, How can we trust you to follow the rules when there is no one from the admin team on the server/discord? *
I do believe that all the rules and regulations are for our security only thus I would like you to trust that I will always try to follow the rules made the admin.
Situational Based Questions
Answer the following questions IN CHARACTER!! Be creative with your responses!!
What is your Characters Name? *
Mr. Dan
What is your characters backstory?(Minimum 150 words)* *
Mr. Dan is a 25-year-old town counsellor who enjoys ferret racing, photography and attending museums. He is Loyal and helpful, but can also be very coward and a bit lazy.

He is Nepali. He has a degree in philosophy, politics and economics. He has a severe phobia of ducks

Physically, Mr. is in pretty good shape. He is tall with light skin, copper hair and blue eyes.

He grew up in a middle class neighborhood. After his mother died when he was young, he was raised by his father.

Mr's best friend is a town counsellor called Reece Ball. They are inseparable. He also hangs around with Darlene Lambert and Lester Moss. They enjoy watching YouTube videos together.
Describe your character's goals in the city and how they would achieve them. *
My character's goals in the city would be doing some job and earning money and buying some super cars and bikes.
What are your characters strengths and weaknesses? *
My characters strengths are he is a good photographer and athletes. 
You are in a secured hospital room. You hear people in the lobby, and they are talking about putting a hit on someone. What do you do with this information? *
I will directly call to the Police and give the information. 
You are just downed by a rival gang, and no one else is around? You hear your friends over the radio, what do you do? *
I wouldn't be able to do anything because I am already dead. 
Your character is checking out the latest headlines at the newspaper stand along the sidewalk and a masked man walks up and points a gun at your character. Your character has a radio, cell phone and a knife in their jacket. What does your character do and how do they react? *
I would definitely raise my hands due to fear and give all the things which are with me.
Red is your characters favorite color and you're wearing your favorite hat you just got for your birthday. You've stumbled into the wrong side of town and now an irate gang member has told you to take it off because it's their color. You look around and see lots of red. What does your character do? *
My Character would take off that Red hat because of fear.